here's my helmet and you can see the
camera where it's mounted now that is
dead center between the eyes just above
my eye line it doesn't impede the view
at all the cable will talk to you in a
bit more if I sort of bend it like that
but it does tend to pull the camera over
slowly I think I'm just turn the camera
on the mic anyway so that's how it goes
yeah it's fixed on ways oh crap that's
all that's the power plug a bit about
club on there and the lead comes out
here and clubs into power pack with a
cover this goes on there
and that plugs into their this is for me
or the camera
so the cameras just held in with Velcro
like that ok now this velcro is held in
place with one staple they're used a
staple gun it doesn't go through
anything drastic you'd only go through
this bit of plastic here which actually
comes out to enable you to wash the
lining sorry about the damned roughing
the lining and this is just a piece of
velcro non-sticky type and a couple of
glass headed pins now the pins are quite
tight because they're going down into
some polystyrene ain't see the developer
the backing is non sticky type I just
had to trim a little bit here to allow
it to sit a bit flatter and the pins go
that way into polystyrene foam which
lines the helmet and it's surprising how
tight they are so the front tent is held
by the staple the rear edge helped by
the glass pins I hear is just a power
cable with against April velcro and that
just holds that up above my eyesight I
line and that plugs into the side of the
camera the cable is just tucked in to
the camera like that ok
and one thing I will say about these
power packs is since it has an on/off
button which I've marked in red this
particular power pack has resistors and
some kind of electrical bits in it
resistors and capacitors maybe to rig it
because it is purpose built in USB
charger but I've found that these USB
connections are not very reliable so I'm
thinking of changing the USB connections
here and here for something more
reliable but with a power-packed like
this it can run up to six hours if
you've got the card in the camera and
the card in the camera is here and in
this one I've got a 32 gigabyte on the
front I've got a bit of foam from an ear
pad earphone pad just trimmed to fit
around it with a little bit of heat
shrink tubing on the lens just to stop
fingerprints a little bit just protrudes
slightly but not enough to cause any
vignette in the holes in the camera
microphone hole I'd normally tape it up
but I've left this one open for now
that's just to stop wind an attempt to
stop the wind noise coming in through
the microphone hole but how effective is
it is I don't know and that's just about
four on the back near the camera but
belt on this side also so I can use it
on either
orientation